Fix irregular plural noun (#842)
plone/training: docs/mastering-plone/volto_frontpage.md

:align: left
```

> In the sidebar we see the `criteria` selection and if we click there, it'll show some of the selectable criteria ordered in categories like the following:

Reviewer: For UI bits and pieces, we should use semantic markup with `guilabel`, instead of inline literal markup which is usually used for inline commands or code.

```suggestion
In the sidebar, we see the {guilabel}`Criteria` select menu, and if we click there, it'll show some of the selectable criteria ordered in categories like the following:
```
